README.md, before:

## ConEmu optimized for Git-Win-SDK install instructions
### 1. Install [Git-sdk-windows](https://github.com/git-for-windows/build-extra/releases/tag/git-sdk-1.0.3)
* Install into `\\%USERPROFILE%\\Git` to avoid problems with white space
    - Run `pacman -Syuu` in the git-bash shell
    - Run `pacman -Syuu man-db` and any other additional packages. Also run `mandb -cd` post install
    * **Add path for Git , e.g. @ `~/Git/usr/bin` into Windows Path.**


* Install [git credential manager](https://github.com/Microsoft/Git-Credential-Manager-for-Windows) folder or clone from   [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/Git-Credential-Manager-for-Windows/releases).  *download just the zip file!*
    - Expand the zip file to where the `Git/bin folder` is and run `install.cmd` from elevated cmd.exe
    - Run `git config --global credential.helper manager` to activate GCM
    - Test by `git config --list`, look for `credential.helper=manager`

* Install [p4merge visual merge tool](https://www.perforce.com/product/components/perforce-visual-merge-and-diff-tools)
    - Install only the visual merge tool
    - Check that `C:\Program Files\Perforce` is in PATH
    - [run `install.bash` script](#section5) and check that `extMerge` and `extDiff` is in `/usr/local/bin` after running script

### 2. Set up [dropbox remote](https://github.com/anishathalye/git-remote-dropbox) for git

* Install git dropbox helper

    `pip install git-remote-dropbox`

* Create an Oauth2 token on [Dropbox API developer console](https://www.dropbox.com/developers/apps), and save as ".git-remote-dropbox.json"
    - connect to a repository, e.g. if dropbox repo is `dotfilesgit`
    - cd to home, then `git clone "dropbox://dotfilesgit" `
    - cd to the `dotfilesgit` folder, `git checkout master` to make working dir visible


### 3. Powershell setup:
* Copy `posh-git` folder to `%USERPROFILE%` to enable [poshgit](http://dahlbyk.github.io/posh-git/)
    - alternatively `git clone https://github.com/dahlbyk/posh-git.git` into the `%USERPROFILE%` folder
    - my Powershell $Profile has hardcoded location for `posh-git` as `$env:USERPROFILE\posh-git`


* Install [Powershell community extensions](https://chocolatey.org/packages/pscx) - `choco install pscx`

* Set up `$Profile`
  ```
  Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned
  New-Item -path $profile -type file -force
  ```

* Create a symlink for powershell `$PROFILE` to `dotfilesfit` folders

 ```
 new-symlink $HOME\Documents\WindowsPowerShell\Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1 $HOME\dotfilesgit\powershell\Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1
 ```

* Install [chocolatey](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/wiki/Installation) with:

 ```
 iex ((new-object net.webclient).DownloadString('https://chocolatey.org/install.ps1'))
 ```

### 4. `cmd` setup:

* cp `activate.bat` into `~\Anaconda2\Scripts` and `alias.cmd` into `~`

* Do not forget to add in `HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Command Processor\AutoRun` with value `%USERPROFILE%\alias.cmd`

* (Optional): Install Far Manager - `choco install far`


### 5. Setup `bash` customizations:
* Copy `dotfilesgit` folder to `~`, check that .files like `.bashrc, .dir_colors etc` and especially [.git-prompt.sh \(like poshgit but for bash\)](https://github.com/lyze/posh-git-sh) are in the rootfolder
* If this is a first install, install symlinks for the dotfiles:

     <a name="section5">`. ~/dotfilesgit/install.bash`</a>


### 6. Conemu install
* If ConEmu is not installed, `choco install conemu` or [download the full packages](http://www.fosshub.com/ConEmu.html)

* Import `conemu.xml`, check in Tasks for Startup and Anaconda that Anaconda/Miniconda option is correct

### 7. Add paths for notepad++, iview, acroread32 etc.
* Also add putty and putty key (priv.ppk), dont forget to set auto-login as root under 'Connection->Data' and save session as "nas" to match Conemu startup tasks. Check that System Enviroment Variables (in Powershell `$Env:path` or `Get-PathVariable` if PSCX is installed)

Commit message:

pacboy git for windows config

README.md, after:

## ConEmu optimized for Git-Win-SDK install instructions
### 1. Install [Git-sdk-windows](https://github.com/git-for-windows/build-extra/releases/tag/git-sdk-1.0.3)
* Install into `\\%USERPROFILE%\\Git` to avoid problems with white space
    - Add `git-for-windows` repository into `/etc/pacman.conf`:
    ```
    [git-for-windows]
    SigLevel = Optional TrustedOnly
    Server = https://dl.bintray.com/git-for-windows/pacman/$arch
    ```
    - Run `pacboy update` in the git-bash shell
    - Run `pacboy -sync man-db` and any other additional packages. Also run `mandb -cd` post install
    * **Add path for git and git-core, e.g. `~/Git/usr/bin` and `~/Git/mingw64/libexec/git-core` into Windows Path**


* Install [git credential manager](https://github.com/Microsoft/Git-Credential-Manager-for-Windows) using 
  pacboy
    - `pacboy sync git-credential-manager:x`
    - Run `git config --global credential.helper manager` to activate GCM
    - Test by `git config --list`, look for `credential.helper=manager` and in BASH, using `which`  


* Install [p4merge visual merge tool](https://www.perforce.com/product/components/perforce-visual-merge-and-diff-tools)
    - Install only the visual merge tool
    - Check that `C:\Program Files\Perforce` is in PATH
    - [run `install.bash` script](#section5) and check that `extMerge` and `extDiff` is in `/usr/local/bin` after running script

### 2. Set up [dropbox remote](https://github.com/anishathalye/git-remote-dropbox) for git

* Install git dropbox helper

    `pip install git-remote-dropbox`

* Create an Oauth2 token on [Dropbox API developer console](https://www.dropbox.com/developers/apps), and save as ".git-remote-dropbox.json"
    - connect to a repository, e.g. if dropbox repo is `dotfilesgit`
    - cd to home, then `git clone "dropbox://dotfilesgit" `
    - cd to the `dotfilesgit` folder, `git checkout master` to make working dir visible


### 3. Powershell setup:
* Copy `posh-git` folder to `%USERPROFILE%` to enable [poshgit](http://dahlbyk.github.io/posh-git/)
    - alternatively `git clone https://github.com/dahlbyk/posh-git.git` into the `%USERPROFILE%` folder
    - my Powershell $Profile has hardcoded location for `posh-git` as `$env:USERPROFILE\posh-git`


* Install [Powershell community extensions](https://chocolatey.org/packages/pscx) - `choco install pscx`

* Set up `$Profile`
  ```
  Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned
  New-Item -path $profile -type file -force
  ```

* Create a symlink for powershell `$PROFILE` to `dotfilesfit` folders

 ```
 new-symlink $HOME\Documents\WindowsPowerShell\Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1 $HOME\dotfilesgit\powershell\Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1
 ```

* Install [chocolatey](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/wiki/Installation) with:

 ```
 iex ((new-object net.webclient).DownloadString('https://chocolatey.org/install.ps1'))
 ```

### 4. `cmd` setup:

* cp `activate.bat` into `~\Anaconda2\Scripts` and `alias.cmd` into `~`

* Do not forget to add in `HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Command Processor\AutoRun` with value `%USERPROFILE%\alias.cmd`

* (Optional): Install Far Manager - `choco install far`


### 5. Setup `bash` customizations:
* Copy `dotfilesgit` folder to `~`, check that .files like `.bashrc, .dir_colors etc` and especially [.git-prompt.sh \(like poshgit but for bash\)](https://github.com/lyze/posh-git-sh) are in the rootfolder
* If this is a first install, install symlinks for the dotfiles:

     <a name="section5">`. ~/dotfilesgit/install.bash`</a>


### 6. Conemu install
* If ConEmu is not installed, `choco install conemu` or [download the full packages](http://www.fosshub.com/ConEmu.html)

* Import `conemu.xml`, check in Tasks for Startup and Anaconda that Anaconda/Miniconda option is correct

### 7. Add paths for notepad++, iview, acroread32 etc.
* Also add putty and putty key (priv.ppk), dont forget to set auto-login as root under 'Connection->Data' and save session as "nas" to match Conemu startup tasks. Check that System Enviroment Variables (in Powershell `$Env:path` or `Get-PathVariable` if PSCX is installed)
